apparently I'm victim weight here's how
I survive one realize that your weight
matters much less than your abilities if
you are strong resilient and capable
your body weight matters much less than
you think it does and two work on your
Fitness by finding something you enjoy
but it doesn't have to be about looks I
happen to enjoy things like calisthenics
flexibility and even deadlifts but you
might enjoy stuff like running or I
don't know whatever else and lastly the
numbers on the scale are not as
important as your health and happiness
it's a mindset shift get healthy to
change your weight not change your
weight to get healthy notice how it's
about health it's not about looking a
certain way I'm not going to tell you
how to do every goal Because deep down
only you personally know where you need
to start just take it one day at a time
stay flexy